adds a Field::try_from_rng method (#127)
zkcrypto/ff: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - `Field::try_from_rng` method.

Reviewer: This is a change to the crate, not an addition, because it adds a new method to the `Field` trait without a default implementation.

- `ff::Field::random(rng: impl RngCore) -> Self` has been changed back to
  `Field::random<R: RngCore + ?Sized>(rng: &mut R) -> Self`, to enable passing a
  trait object as the RNG.

> - `Field::try_from_rng` added. It accepts a `rand_core::TryRngCore` mutable reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ff::Field::try_from_rng` is a new trait method that must be implemented by
  downstreams. `Field::random` now has a default implementation that calls it.
```
